Amanda Carlton  David Evans   Mr Sidwell   Kevin  Mrs Sheridan

(00:20)
David Evans: Welcome to Middleton Hall. A learn english radio series from the British Council. The opera ticket. Episode One.
Amanda Carlton: Hello ,This is a new learn english radio series from the British Council, my name is Amanda Carlton.
David Evans: And I'm David Evans.
Amanda Carlton: And this series we aim to improve your english language skills with the help of a story 
                about life in an english hotel called Middleton Hall.
David Evans: Over the next ten programs, you'll hear our first story. The opera ticket.
Amanda Carlton: In each program that will be three or four scenes will introduce each one.
                And give you two or three questions to answer as you listen.
David Evans:    We'll then give you the answers to the questions as soon as the scene has finished.
Amanda Carlton: The story begins early one morning when a young man called Kevin arrives at the hotel .
                It's his first day in his new job, he goes into the reception of the hotel, he says 
Kevin£∫Hello, hello, is anyone here?
Amanda Carlton: He then meets a man called (Mr Sidwell),  he's the manager of the hotel 
				and here are two questions for you. According to (Mr Sidwell) what is the first thing 
				that Kevin must learn. And is Kevin early, late, or on time.
			
##			
Kevin:£®2£∫00£© Hello, hello, is anyone here? Perhaps I'll try this.£®√≈¡Â£© Hello. Hello..
Mr Sidwell: Good morning Sir, and welcome to Middleton Hall. Oh.
Kevin:  Hello, I'm Kevin, I'm starting work here today. 
Mr Sidwell: Are you in deed? Then the first thing you must learn is this bell.
Mr Sidwell: Is strictly for hotel guests not't for staff. 
Kevin: Oh, I'm sorry ,I tried to call but no one heard me. 
Mr Sidwell: Yes, well , (Mrs Middleton) told me you would arrive at 9. but
Kevin: Yes I am a bit early.Is that a problem ?
Mr Sidwell :Well it's better than being late I suppose, but on time would be better
Mr Sidwell: Don't you think ? on time. 
Kevin:  Yes,yes I suppose it would Mister Mister. I'm sorry I don't know your name. 
Mr Sidwell: You may call me (Mr Sidwell)
Kevin£∫Yes, (Mr Sidwell)
Mr Sidwell£∫Or Sir.
Kevin£∫Yes Sir.
Mr Sidwell£∫Good. 
(3:24)
##


Amanda Carlton: So what is the first thing that Kevin must learn (Mr Sidwell) says to him.
David Evans: The first thing you must learn is that this bell ,is strictly for hotel guests not for staff. 
Amanda Carlton£∫A guess is a person who stays at the hotel, and stuff are people who work at the hotel.
                And also remember the word for this thing is a bell, a bell!
Amanda Carlton: And what about my other question is Kevin early, late, or on time. Kevin says to 
               (Mr Sidwell) I'm a bit early. is that's a problem, and Sidwell replies: well 
                it's better than being late I suppose, but on time would be better.
David Evans: Your're listening to Middleton Hall. A learn English radio program from the British Council.

Amanda Carlton: When the scene continues (Mr Sidwell) says to Kevin 
David Evans£∫So you're the new boy ? Let me look at you. 
Amanda Carlton£∫He continues.
David Evans£∫You need a hair cut but we can arrange that.
David Evans: And we will need to find you a uniform. 
Amanda Carlton: Often in hotels all the stuff wear clothes that look the same, and these clothes called a uniform .
                Now here are three questions for you to answer when the scene continues.
Amanda Carlton: What is Kevin wearing on his feet. what does (Mr Sidwell) say that 
                staff should wear at all times, and what does Kevin promised to do. let's find out.

			
##			
(05:08)
Mr Sidwell: So your're the new boy ? Let me look at you.
Mr Sidwell: Well you'll need a hair cut but we can arrange that.
            And we will need to find you a uniform. just a moment ,just a moment.
Mr Sidwell: What are those? What , on your feet?
Kevin: You mean my trainers? 
Mr Sidwell: Trainers, training shoes at Middleton Hall?
Kevin:   ###They're the only pair of shoes of called 
Kevin:	  this is my only pair of shoes.
Mr Sidwell: Staff should wear proper shoes, leather shoes, highly polished black, leather shoes at all times, is that clear
Kevin: yes (Mr Sidwell) 
Mr Sidwell: Middleton Hall is a country house hotel. Kevin, our guests pay a lot of money to stay here,
            and we expect our staff to have the right image ,trainings shoes simply won't do.
Kevin:  I'm sorry (Mr Sidwell). I'll buy some shoes as soon as I get my first paycheck I promise. 
Mr Sidwell: Will you ? What am I going to do with you until then. 
Kevin: I don't know (Mr Sidwell) 
Mr Sidwell: Oh, this won't do , this won't do at all. 
Mr Sidwell: Is a guest, quick, get behind the desk. 
Kevin: Behind the desk ?
Mr Sidwell: Don't argue, she mustn't see your training shoes.
Kevin: Yes yes. of couese , ok.
Mrs Sheridan: Good morning  (Sidwell).
Mr Sidwell: Good morning (Mrs Sheridan). I trust you slept well.
(07:06)
##


Amanda Carlton: So what is Kevin wearing on his feet?
David Evans: Trainers or training shoes?
Amanda Carlton:	Yes those shoes are that people often wear to play sprot and 
                (Mr Sidwell) does not think they are right for Middleton Hall.
		        what does he say that staff should wear at all times 
David Evans£∫Highly polished black leather shoes. 
Amanda Carlton£∫If shoes are highly polished, it means they have been rubbed so that they shine.
                And what about my third question what does Kevin say he will do ,he tells (Mr Sidwell)
David Evans: I'll buy some shoes as soon as I get my first paycheck, I promise. 
Amanda Carlton: Tthat conversation is then interrupted by a guest at the hotel.
                She's called (Mrs Sheridan) and we'll find out more about that in just a moment.
			
(8£∫00)			
Amanda Carlton: You're listening to Middleton hall, a learn English radio series from the British Council.
                And don't forget that you can find more resources at the British Council learn English website
                at learn English dot British Council dot org.
		   
Amanda Carlton: So we just heard Mrs Sheridan come into reception.
Amanda Carlton: And she was singing a song from an opera. why?
Amanda Carlton: Because she's going to the opera, she asks (Sidwell). 
David Evans£∫Have you ordered my taxi, The taxi for my trip to the opera.
Amanda Carlton: (Sidwell) says he hasn't ordered a taxi, and my next question for you is, 
				 why not, why hasn't he ordered it, (Mrs Sheridan) then notices Kevin and says 
David Evans£∫Now tell me who is this young man. 
Amanda Carlton: And my last question for you today is what does Mrs Sheridan say about Kevin's future.
                Let's listen and find out.
	
##		
(09:00)		
Mr Sidwell: Good morning (Mrs Sheridan), I trust you slept well.
Mrs Sheridan: I always sleep well at Middleton Hall, Sidwell.
Mr Sidwell: I'm glad to hear that madam.
Mrs Sheridan: Now, Sidwell, have you ordered my taxi?
Mr Sidwell: Your Taxi (Mrs Sheridan)?
Mrs Sheridan: The taxi for my trip to the opera. Surely, you remember.
Mr Sidwell: But madam, your trip to the opera is on wednesday, it's only monday morning. 
Mrs Sheridan: Oh,yes ,but it is easy to forget.
Kevin: Would you like me to book it for you?
Mr Sidwell: Thank you, Kevin, thank you.
Mr Sidwell: I will deal with this, now Mrs Sheridan ,I will book the taxi for you at an appropriate time, 
            but there is no need to do it now.
Mrs Sheridan: Oh, very well. But it's very important. That you don't forget.
Mr Sidwell:I will remember madam you can rely on me.
Mrs Sheridan: Of course, Sidwell i am sure i can.
Mrs Sheridan: Yes, tell me, who is this young man.
Mr Sidwell: This is Kevin, he's just started with us. 
Mrs Sheridan: Is that all?
Kevin: Yes it's my very first morning.
Mrs Sheridan: And how are you finding the work.
Kevin: Well, I've only been here a few minutes. 
Mrs Sheridan: Oh, but you seem very keen.And that's very important. Isn't it? Sidwell.
Mr Sidwell: Yes, madam.
Mrs Sheridan: And you have an honest face Kevin. Do you know That?
Kevin: Thank you (Mrs Sheridan)
Mrs Sheridan: Yes Kevin, i like the look of you. I think you'll do very well at Middleton Hall. Don't you agree.(Sidwell)
Mr Sidwell: I think we'll wait and see (Mrs Sheridan) I think we'll wait and see.
(11:07)
##


Amanda Carlton: So why hasn't (Sidwell) ordered a taxi for (Mrs Sheridan).He says 
David Evans: Your trip to the opera is on wednesday, it's only monday morning. 
Amanda Carlton: (Mrs Sheridan) seems happy with this explanation, but she tells him 
David Evans: It's very important that you don't forget. 
Amanda Carlton: She then notices Kevin. And what does she say about Kevin's future. 
David Evans: I think you will do very well at Middleton Hall. 
Amanda Carlton£∫(Mr Sdtwell) is not so sure though ,he says. 
David Evans£∫I think we'll wait and see (Mrs Sheridan), yes I think we'll wait and see.

Amanda Carlton£∫Now here is a chance to hear a part of today's drama again.


##########################£®12£∫01£©
Kevin:£®2£∫00£© Hello, hello, is anyone here? Perhaps I'll try this.£®√≈¡Â£© Hello. Hello..
Mr Sidwell: Good morning Sir, and welcome to Middleton Hall. Oh.
Kevin:  Hello, I'm Kevin, I'm starting work here today. 
Mr Sidwell: Are you in deed? Then the first thing you must learn is this bell.
Mr Sidwell: Is strictly for hotel guests not't for staff. 
Kevin: Oh, I'm sorry ,I tried to call but no one heard me. 
Mr Sidwell: Yes, well , (Mrs Middleton) told me you would arrive at 9. but
Kevin: Yes I am a bit early.Is that a problem ?
Mr Sidwell :Well it's better than being late I suppose, but on time would be better
Mr Sidwell: Don't you think ? on time. 
Kevin:  Yes,yes I suppose it would Mister Mister. I'm sorry I don't know your name. 
Mr Sidwell: You may call me (Mr Sidwell)
Kevin£∫Yes, (Mr Sidwell)
Mr Sidwell£∫Or Sir.
Kevin£∫Yes Sir.
Mr Sidwell£∫Good.  (13:22)

Mr Sidwell: So your're the new boy ? Let me look at you.
Mr Sidwell: Well you'll need a hair cut but we can arrange that.
            And we will need to find you a uniform. just a moment ,just a moment.
Mr Sidwell: What are those? What , on your feet?
Kevin: You mean my trainers? 
Mr Sidwell: Trainers, training shoes at Middleton Hall?
Kevin:   ###They're the only pair of shoes of called 
Kevin:	  this is my only pair of shoes.
Mr Sidwell: Staff should wear proper shoes, leather shoes, highly polished black, leather shoes at all times, is that clear
Kevin: yes (Mr Sidwell) 
 
David Evans : But that's all for today, You're been listening to Middleton hall, a British Council learn English radio series
              and remember you can find more resources at the British Council learn English website
              at learn english dot British Council dot org.
              Until next time from Amanda Carlton, and me David Evans.
		   
Amanda Carlton: Goodbye 
David Evans: Goodbye. (14:50) 